# BC_homework1
For my first assignment I was tasked with taking an existing page for a marketing company and refactoring the code to make the page more accesible while still maintaining the current state of the page.  Increasing accessibility will make it a more inclusive website.  It will also help increase the search engine optimization for the webiste which positions the company for more visibility on the web.  
I started with an intial commit and the creation of the folder inside of Github.  
Starting with the header, I was able to remove all of the div tags in the html.   I also added the HTML Semantic header tag in it's place.  The header had unique coloring of letters, with the middle three letters being a different color.  I removed all ids and classes associated with it and just left the span element in both html and css.  
I then imbedded a navigation bar inside the header.  I was intially attempting to make the nav bar remain inside the header when the page was reduced.   I spent an exhorbitant amount of time researching how to make this happen.  I then realized it was unnecessary for the completion of the assignment and begrudgingly moved on.  
I then titled the page as Horiseon Marketing Solutions.
Next up was the body.
The background picture was a *fraught* part of the project for me.   It was set up in CSS, even though all of the other images were in HTML.  I was unable to add an alt tag on the CSS side.   I then moved the image over to html and ran in to tons of issues with linking it correctly to the page.  I was finally able to figure that out, but when it loaded it was about 10 times larger than it was intially.  I moved to the HMTL side to style the image and was able to have it fit the space correctly then.
I then moved to the content portion of the page.  I created three sections and an aside.  I intially blocked out the content portion of the code, which would later come to haunt me.   I was able to consolidate all of the images, header tages, and all of the specs that were part of the aside.  I struggled for hours with the aside container, trying different floats and page set ups to make the aside be to the right of the sections.  I was finally able to put it all together once I reengaged the content portion of the code..

